Nan Nan
How are the shoes?
There has been no news from you.
It's not good for me to lick an old face to see his mother
Father is fine, don't worry.
Really? You didn't lie to me.
What about the others?
Why don't you come?
Is he
Still blaming me for stopping you two from being together
Nope.
He is afraid that coming in will affect your mood.
Waiting outside, Mom.
I know you've been reluctant to accept him
But if there is no bad writing this time
The consequences are really unimaginable
I know he's a good boy.
Sister, please call him in.
I want to talk to him.
OK
Well, Auntie, are you feeling better?
Good boy, I used to be sorry for you.
I shouldn't have looked at you that way
I'm so sorry.
Auntie, what did you say?
You are a man's mother
It should be considered for him
Anyway, I have a lot of thoughtless thinking
You and Nan Nan
It's been so long
You still call me auntie?
My